Ret con primary record constructors (#35486)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/fundamentals/types/classes.md

## Constructors and initialization

The preceding sections introduced the syntax to declare a class type and create an instance of that type. When you create an instance of a type, you want to ensure that its fields and properties are initialized to useful values. There are several ways to initialize values:

- Accept default values
- Field initializers
- Constructor parameters
- Object initializers

Every .NET type has a default value. Typically, that value is 0 for number types, and `null` for all reference types. You can rely on that default value when it's reasonable in your app.

When the .NET default isn't the right value, you can set an initial value using a *field initializer*:

:::code source="./snippets/classes/Containers.cs" id="ContainerFieldInitializer":::

You can require callers to provide an initial value by defining a *constructor* that's responsible for setting that initial value:

:::code source="./snippets/classes/Containers.cs" id="ContainerConstructor":::

Beginning with C# 12, you can define a *primary constructor* as part of the class declaration:

:::code source="./snippets/classes/Containers.cs" id="ContainerPrimaryConstructor":::

> Adding parameters to the class name defines the *primary constructor*. Those parameters are available in the class body. You can use the them to initialize fields, or anywhere else in members where you need that constructor parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding parameters to the class name defines the *primary constructor*. Those parameters are available in the class body, which includes its members. You can use them to initialize fields or anywhere else where they're needed.
```

> You can also use the `required` modifier on a property and allow callers to use an *object initializer* to set the initial value of a property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `required` modifier on a property and allow callers to use an *object initializer* to set the initial value of the property:
```

:::code source="./snippets/classes/Program.cs" id="RequiredProperties":::

The addition of the `required` keyword mandates that callers must set those properties as part of a `new` expression:

```csharp
var p1 = new Person(); // Error! Required properties not set

> var p2 = new Person() {FirstName = "Grace", LastName = "Hopper" };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var p2 = new Person() { FirstName = "Grace", LastName = "Hopper" };
```

```

## Class inheritance

> Classes fully support *inheritance*, a fundamental characteristic of object-oriented programming. When you create a class, you can inherit from any other class that isn't defined as [`sealed`](../../language-reference/keywords/sealed.md), and other classes can inherit from your class and override class virtual methods. Furthermore, you can implement one or more interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classes fully support *inheritance*, a fundamental characteristic of object-oriented programming. When you create a class, you can inherit from any other class that isn't defined as [`sealed`](../../language-reference/keywords/sealed.md). Other classes can inherit from your class and override class virtual methods. Furthermore, you can implement one or more interfaces.
```

Inheritance is accomplished by using a *derivation*, which means a class is declared by using a *base class* from which it inherits data and behavior. A base class is specified by appending a colon and the name of the base class following the derived class name, like this:

:::code source="./snippets/classes/Program.cs" id="DerivedClass":::

> When a class declares a base class, it inherits all the members of the base class except the constructors. For more information, see [Inheritance](../object-oriented/inheritance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a class declaration includes a base class, it inherits all the members of the base class except the constructors. For more information, see [Inheritance](../object-oriented/inheritance.md).
```

Reviewer: It's not really declaring it?

> A class in C# can only directly inherit from one base class. However, because a base class may itself inherit from another class, a class may indirectly inherit multiple base classes. Furthermore, a class can directly implement one or more interfaces. For more information, see [Interfaces](interfaces.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A class in C# can only directly inherit from one base class. However, because a base class may itself inherit from another class, a class might indirectly inherit multiple base classes. Furthermore, a class can directly implement one or more interfaces. For more information, see [Interfaces](interfaces.md).
```

> A class can be declared [`abstract`](../../language-reference/keywords/abstract.md). An abstract class contains abstract methods that have a signature definition but no implementation. Abstract classes can't be instantiated. They can only be used through derived classes that implement the abstract methods. By contrast, a [sealed](../../language-reference/keywords/sealed.md) class doesn't allow other classes to derive from it. For more information, see [Abstract and Sealed Classes and Class Members](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/abstract-and-sealed-classes-and-class-members.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A class can be declared as [`abstract`](../../language-reference/keywords/abstract.md). An abstract class contains abstract methods that have a signature definition but no implementation. Abstract classes can't be instantiated. They can only be used through derived classes that implement the abstract methods. By contrast, a [sealed](../../language-reference/keywords/sealed.md) class doesn't allow other classes to derive from it. For more information, see [Abstract and Sealed Classes and Class Members](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/abstract-and-sealed-classes-and-class-members.md).
```
